.TH semanage_user_del_local 3 "20 January 2006" "ivg2@cornell.edu" "Libsemanage API documentation"
.SH "NAME"
.B semanage_user_del_local \- 
delete a user from the local store
.br
.B semanage_bool_del_local \- 
delete a boolean from the local store
.br
.B semanage_port_del_local \- 
delete a port range from the local store
.br
.B semanage_iface_del_local \- 
delete a network interface from the local store
.br
.B semanage_fcontext_del_local \- 
delete a context specification from the local store
.br
.B semanage_seuser_del_local \- 
delete a seuser (login mapping) from the local store
.br
.B semanage_node_del_local \-
delete a network node from the local store

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <semanage/users_local.h> 
.br
.B #include <semanage/booleans_local.h>
.br
.B #include <semanage/ports_local.h>
.br
.B #include <semanage/interfaces_local.h>
.br
.B #include <semanage/fcontexts_local.h>
.br
.B #include <semanage/seusers_local.h>
.br
.B #include <semanage/nodes_local.h>
.sp

.B FUNCTION: 
see above
.br
.B OBJECT: 
user, port, fcontext, iface, seuser, node
.sp
.sp

.B extern int FUNCTION (
.br
.BI "	semanage_handle_t *" handle ","
.br
.BI "	const semanage_OBJECT_key_t *" key ");"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.TP
.SS Behavior:
The delete functions will remove the object corresponding to the provided key from the local store. If no match is found, no action is taken. Changes will become permanent when  
.B semanage_commit 
is invoked. Additional checks may be performed at that time to ensure the system is left in a valid state. 
.TP
.SS Parameters:
The 
.I handle
is used to track persistent state across semanage calls, and for error reporting. The
.I key 
identifies the 
.I data
object, which will be deleted from the local store. The key is a property of the caller, and will not be stored or modified internally.
.TP
.SS Requirements:
This function requires an semanage connection to be established (see 
.B semanage_connect
), and must be executed in a transaction (see 
.B semanage_begin_transaction
).

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
In case of failure, -1 is returned, and the semanage error callback is invoked, describing the error.
Otherwise 0 is returned.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR semanage_handle_create "(3), " semanage_begin_transaction "(3), " semanage_connect "(3), " semanage_commit "(3). "
